Rewrite README.md to feature web standard APIs (#99)
jfromaniello/url-join: README.md

```javascript
import urlJoin from 'url-join';

const fullUrl = urlJoin('http://www.google.com', 'a', '/b/cd', '?foo=123', '&bar=456', '#heading-1');

> console.log(fullUrl.toString()); // 'http://www.google.com/a/b/cd?foo=123&bar=456#heading-1'

Author: @jonkoops Just noticed that there's an unnecessary `.toString()` called on `fullUrl` here. The return type of `urlJoin()` here is already `string`, right?

Reviewer: It's still a `URL` instance from what I can seem, so I think a `toString()` here is valid.

```javascript
import urlJoin from 'url-join';

> // Create a Full URL

Reviewer: I think we can omit this comment, the code should be pretty self-explanatory in this small example.

const fullUrl = urlJoin('http://www.google.com', 'a', '/b/cd', '?foo=123', '&bar=456', '#heading-1');

> fullUrl.toString(); // 'http://www.google.com/a/b/cd?foo=123&bar=456#heading-1'

Reviewer: There should be no need to call `.toString()` here, as the returned value is already a string.

```
## You might not need this library

> This library was originally created before the [URL][1] and [URLSearchParams][1] APIs were standardized and widely available in popular runtimes such as browsers and Node.js. Depending on your use-case you might want to consider using these standardized APIs over this library.

Reviewer: Both the `URL` and `URLSearchParams` links now point to the same place. Let's simplify this and only link to the URL API. Also, let's inline this link.

```suggestion
This library was originally created before the [URL API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL_API) was standardized and widely available in popular runtimes such as browsers and Node.js. Depending on your use-case you might want to consider using the standardized API over this library.
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Let's add some leading text to the example here:
```suggestion
For example, the equivalent code for the above example would look as follows when using the URL API:
```javascript
```

const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

fullUrl.pathname = '/a/b/cd';
fullUrl.searchParams.append('foo', '123');
fullUrl.searchParams.append('bar', '456');
fullUrl.hash = 'heading-1';

fullUrl.toString(); // 'http://www.google.com/a/b/cd?foo=123&bar=456#heading-1'
```

> ### Caveats for Standard APIs

Reviewer: Let's refer to the URL API explicitly here.
```suggestion
### Caveats of URL API
```

> There are a couple of caveats to take into account when utilizing the standard APIs. Firstly, a [URL][1] must always include a complete and valid base, which means specifying the scheme and domain name (e.g. http://example.com).

Reviewer: I don't think we have to link to the MDN documentation here again, but let's use backticks for things that are part of the API:
```suggestion
There are a couple of caveats to take into account when utilizing the standard APIs. Firstly, a `URL` must always include a complete and valid base, which means specifying the scheme and domain name (e.g. http://example.com).
```

Secondly, it is not possible to join together and normalize the path of a URL. You must do this manually by joining your paths and then assigning the pathname property.

```
Use this library to manipulate URL pathnames
                                      👇
   https  :// www.example.com /posts/42/metadata ?filter=author&page=1 #heading-1
|-scheme-|    |---domain----| |----pathname----| |------search-------| |--hash--|
```

## License

MIT

> [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL_API

Reviewer: With the above suggestions this can be omitted.
```suggestion
```

```javascript
import urlJoin from 'url-join';

const id = '42'
const postUrl = urlJoin('/posts', id, '/metadata/');
// => "/posts/42/metadata"
```
## Use the Web Standard APIs for Other Cases

Web Sandard APIs [URL][1] and [URLSearchParams][1] capable of URL operations except manipulating [URL pathnames][2].
```
Use this library to manipulate URL pathnames
                                      👇
   https  :// www.example.com /posts/42/metadata ?filter=author&page=1 #heading-1
|-scheme-|    |---domain----| |----pathname----| |------search-------| |--hash--|
```

> #### [`URL()`][1]

Reviewer: Let's limit the examples here to a minimal that matches the existing example for `url-join`. I think the MDN documentation is comprehensive enough for users to find their way.

Something like:

```js
const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

fullUrl.pathname = '/a/b/c';
fullUrl.searchParams.append('foo', '123');
fullUrl.searchParams.append('bar', '456');
fullUrl.hash = 'heading-1';

fullUrl.toString(); // http://www.google.com/a/b/c?foo=123&bar=456#heading-1
```

fullUrl.searchParams.append('bar', '456');
fullUrl.hash = 'heading-1';

console.log(fullUrl.toString()); // 'http://www.google.com/a/b/cd?foo=123&bar=456#heading-1'
```

> ### Joining Path Parts

Reviewer: Let's call this 'paths' rather than 'parts', as it is more specific to this use-case.
```suggestion
### Joining paths
```

> ### Joining Path Parts

Reviewer: Let's keep this consistent with other headings and add a newline.
```suggestion
### Joining Path Parts

```

> This library provides the piece missing from `URL`, joining URL path parts together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides the missing piece for the URL API, joining multiple paths together:
```

```javascript
import urlJoin from 'url-join';

> const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

Reviewer: Let's add a newline here to match the other examples.
```suggestion
const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

```

> fullUrl.pathname = urlJoin('a', 'b', 'cd');

Reviewer: Let's use the same input as the other example.
```suggestion
fullUrl.pathname = urlJoin('a', '/b/cd');
```

> fullUrl.pathname = urlJoin('a', 'b', 'cd');

Reviewer: Let's use the same input as the other example.
```suggestion
fullUrl.pathname = urlJoin('a', '/b/cd');
```

console.log(fullUrl.toString()); // 'http://www.google.com/a/b/cd'
```

> ### In Node.js

Reviewer: Let's add a newline here as well.
```suggestion
### In Node.js

```

> If you are programming for Node.js, its `path/posix` library can join paths in a way that is compatible with URL pathnames:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Node.js, the `path/posix` module can join paths in a way that is compatible with URL pathnames:
```

```javascript
import { join as joinPath } from 'node:path/posix';

> const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

Reviewer: Newline here to keep it consistent.
```suggestion
const fullUrl = new URL('http://www.google.com');

```

> fullUrl.pathname = joinPath('/a/', 'b', 'cd');

Reviewer: Let's use the same input here as the other examples.
```suggestion
fullUrl.pathname = joinPath('a', '/b/cd');
```
